[MUSIC - "THE LARK IN THE CLEAR
AIR"]
(SINGING) Thoughts
are in my mind.
And my soul soars enchanted.
As I hear the sweet lark sing
in the clear air of the day.
For a tender beaming smile
to my hope has been granted.
And tomorrow she shall hear
all its fond heart would say.
I will tell her all my love,
all my soul's adoration.
And I think she will hear me.
And will not say me nay.
For it is that feels my
soul all its joyous elation.
As I hear the sweet lark sing
in the clear air of the day.
[MUSIC - "SHE MOVED THROUGH THE
FAIR"]
(SINGING) My young love said
to me, my mother won't mind.
And your father won't slight
you for your lack of kind.
And she stepped away from me.
And this she did say,
it will not be long,
love, till our wedding day.
She stepped away from me, and
she went through the fair.
And fondly I watched her
move here and move there.
And then she went
homeward with one
star awake as a swan in the
evening moves over the lake.
The people were saying,
no two e'er were wed,
but one had a secret
that never was said.
She smiled as she passed
with her goods and her gear.
And that was the last
that I saw my dear.
Last night she came to
me, my dead love came in.
So softly she came that
her feet made no din.
And as she laid her hand on
me, and this she did say.
It will not be long, love,
till our wedding day.
You know what?
I changed the keys.
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC - "SNOWY BREASTED PEARL"]
(SINGING) There's a
colleen fair as May.
For a year and for a day,
I have sought by every way
her heart to gain.
There's no art of tongue or eye.
Fond youths with maidens try.
But I've tried with ceaseless
sigh and tried in vain.
If to France or
far off Spain she
crossed the watery main, to
see her face again the seas
I'd brave.
And if it's heaven's decree,
that mine she may not be,
may the son of Mary
me in mercy save.
[MUSIC - "GOD SAVE IRELAND"]
(SINGING) Upon the gallows tree
swung the noble-hearted three.
By the vengeful tyrant
stricken in their bloom,
but they met him face to face
with the spirit of their race,
and they went with souls
undaunted to their doom.
God save Ireland,
said the heroes.
God save Ireland, said they all.
Whether on the scaffold
high or battlefield we die,
o, what matter when
for Erin dear we fall.
Girt around with cruel
foes, still their courage
proudly rose.
For they thought of hearts
that loved them for and near.
Of the millions true and brave
o'er the ocean's swelling wave,
and the friends in
holy Ireland ever dear.
God save Ireland,
said they proudly.
God save Ireland, say they all.
Whether on the scaffold high
or the battlefield we die,
o, what matter when for
Ireland dear we fall.
Climbed they up
the rugged stair,
rang their voices
out in prayer, then
with England's fatal
cord around them cast.
Close beneath the
gallows tree kissed
like brothers lovingly, true
to home and faith and freedom
to the last.
God save Ireland,
said they proudly.
God save Ireland, say they all.
Whether on the scaffold high,
or the battlefield we die,
o, what matter when for
Ireland dear we fall.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUSIC - "THE SUNSHINE OF YOUR
SMILE"]
(SINGING) Dear face that
holds so sweet a smile for me.
Were you not mine how
dark the world would be.
I know no light above that can
replace love's radiant sunshine
in your dear, dear face.
Give me your smile, the
lovelight in your eyes.
Life can not hold
a fairer paradise.
And give me the right to love
you all the while, my world
forever, the sunshine
of your smile.
Shadows may fall across
the land and sea sunshine
from all the world
may hidden be,
but I shall see no
cloud across the sun,
your smile shall light my
life till life is done.
Give me your smile.
The lovelight in your eyes.
Life can not hold
a fairer paradise.
And give me the right to
love you all the while.
My world forever, the
sunshine of your smile.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) [INAUDIBLE]
My precious things
are dreams of you
and [INAUDIBLE] Ah,
when the moon beam [INAUDIBLE]
across the rooftop, [INAUDIBLE]
dream.
I wandered [INAUDIBLE] I
hear the [INAUDIBLE] I watch
the river lovely as it flows.
[INAUDIBLE] to my
humble [INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) [INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC - "TAKE ME OUT TO THE
BALLGAME"]
(SINGING) [INAUDIBLE] For
it's one, two, three strikes
you're out at the old ball game.
[INAUDIBLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
(SINGING) [INAUDIBLE]
[INAUDIBLE]
[AUDIO OUT]